Clarifications and responses to questions on GTOC8 problem.
Anastassios Petropoulos
Last updated: 04June2015

1) The propellant mass of 2110kg, can it be used for either chemical
propulsion or low-thrust propulsion? If we don't use the chemical
propulsion, can all 2110kg of propellant used for the low-thrust
propulsion?

"Jein": The 2110 kg can be spent part chemical and part low-thrust.
It cannot be spent all on chemical.  The part that is spent chemically
cannot give you more DV than 3km/s.  The part spent chemically must be
spent before the low-thrust part.  You can choose to spend all 2110 kg
with low-thrust (i.e. you can choose to have no chemical part).


2) Do observations of different radio sources have to be spaced by 15
days, too? Or is the 15 days constraint only applicable for
observations of the same radio source?

Yes.  **All**  observations, regardless of same source or not, must be
15 days  **or more**  apart.


3) How do we have to report Gravity Assists at the moon?

Report them in a similar way to the chemical impulse in the Trajectory
File, and also mention them in the Brief Description.  In the
Trajectory File, list two lines with identical data for all quantities
except velocity and possibly thrust; any thrust should be listed as
zero for the first line and zero for the second line only if there is
no thrust commencing at that time.  The first line will be for
immediately prior to the flyby, the second for immediately after.  The
velocity discontinuity between the two lines will equal the difference
between the incoming and outgoing v-infinity vectors at the moon.
